well hello my name is kristin and forest
channel
shake like and this video for a contest from
channel buy a child . then you are better
stop motion
as we monster hi prepares for the new
year this plate
let's say it will be present to the very stop
In general, that my videos are not stolen
that on the part are just three dolls this
lagoon blue starring
and small roles ebay spectra well
let's start watching
oh how could I forget about my most
favorite holiday just flew out of
heads out how could I have taken forget
apparently earned so I ought to
decorate the room but perhaps light
I'll start so let's see what I have in it
drawer open so course and tinsel
without him there is no way here
tinsel here here here here here here and still
you have and of course to us about Christmas
balloon monster-themed so strange to me so
it seems or something is missing
you just can not understand it of course
I don’t have enough gifts
present to the second here so here so
I and of course the little deer
what a beautiful baby you here
set
like all my rooms are decorated
gifts have tinsel action baby eat
but still something is missing that same
I may not be enough of course not enough
my girlfriends so iowa girls come
I will celebrate it is not an analog
from bye hi tilting grandstand girls
you came uranium how glad to see you
1112 new damage in the morning Mr.
all yet see you again happy new year
you coming